SNOW-1023214: Support date_part argument in last_day (#1224)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

- When parsing data types during a `to_pandas` operation, we rely on GS precision value to fix precision issues for large integer values. This may affect users where a column that was earlier returned as `int8` gets returned as `int64`. Users can fix this by explicitly specifying precision values for their return column.
- Aligned behavior for `Session.call` in case of table stored procedures where running `Session.call` would not trigger stored procedure unless a `collect()` operation was performed.
- `StoredProcedureRegistration` will now automatically add `snowflake-snowpark-python` as a package dependency. The added dependency will be on the client's local version of the library and an error is thrown if the server cannot support that version.

> - Support for optional `date_part` argument in Snowpark function `last_day`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for an optional `date_part` argument in function `last_day`
```?
